User Story 1:
As an avid movie goer who likes to keep track of what movies I have watched.
So that I can keep track of the movies I've watched or will watch,
I want to be able to create a personal list that contains all the movies I have watched or will watch.

-Scenario 1: 
 Given that I want to keep track of all the movies that I watched.
 When I search for the name of the movie I watched, either from the database list or from the search page
 or when I want to add a movie I recently put onto the database
 then I should be able to add the movie into my personal archive with a simple press of a button.
-Scenario 2:
 Given that I want to remove a movie from my list that I did not enjoy at all or mistakenly added.
 When I search for the movie I added in my personal database
 and I select the name of the movie in question
 I want to be able to remove the movie from the list with a simple push of a button through the app.
 Then the app will automatically remove the movie in question from the list
-Scenario 3: 
 Given that I want to have my movies in my personal list arranged in descending alphabetical order.
 When I access my personal archive in the app
 and I go to my archive settings through my personal archive page
 Then I should be able to have an option to select how I want to sort out my shows in a particular way.
 Then the app should rearrange the appearance of my personal list based on what sorting option I saved from the app settings.

User Story 2:
As a person who does not have a lot of time on their hands to be able to follow a series closely
So that I can keep track of where I was whenever I stop to handle things going on with my life,
I want to be able to add a show on my own personal list and bookmark it to follow through for later when I have free time.

 -Scenario 1: 
 Given that I want put a series into my list that I want to put on hold
 When I search for the name of the series I'm currently working on, either from the database or search pages,
 Then I should be able to press a button that lets me bookmark that series into my personal database
-Scenario 2:
 Given that I want remember my place on a series I have decided to put on hold.
 When I access my archive page, and I select a series I wish to put on hold,
 and I push on a button to mark the show as watch for later
 Then I should be able to access the page that allows me to remember my place on the series I'm putting on hold
 whether it'd be chapter and page number, season and episode number of a tv series, or even a timestamp on a movie
 Then the app should be able to mark the show I decided to put on hold, 
 and be able to display what variables I entered for my stopping place.
-Scenario 3: 
 Given that I want to return to a series that I put on hold.
 When I search for the series on my personal archive,
 and I press on the name of the series that I put on hold.
 Then the app should take me to a screen displaying the name, showtype, and genre of the series
 as well as a mark indicating that I put a series on hold.
 Then I should be able to see variables pertaining to the stopping point I entered when I first added a series into the app.

User Story 3:
As someone who likes to keep lists organized in a neat and orderly manner.
So that I can choose how to sort my list appearance in the app,
I want to be able to rearrange my personal archive to display my saved series in a particular order.
 
 -Scenario 1:
 Given that I want to sort my personal list in alphabetical order
 When I access my archive settings either from the user settings or my archive pages.
 I should be able to select an option that lets me sort my list in ascending or descending alphabetical order
 Then the app, once I save my changes, should be able to change the order of the list accordingly.
 -Scenario 2:
 Given that I want to sort my personal list according to the type (TV, movie, book, anime, etc.)
 When I access my archive settings, either from the user settings or my archive pages.
 I should be able to select an option that lets me sort my list based on the type the series is shown.
 Then the app, once I save my changes, should be able to change the order of the list accordingly.
 -Scenario 3:
 Given that I want to sort my personal list based on the genre of the series
 When I access my archive settings either from the user settings or my archive pages.
 I should be able to select an option that lets me sort my list based on the genre type of each series
 Then the app, once I save my changes, should be able to change the order of the list accordingly.
